Add spring petclinic demo (#23)
ubuntu-rocks/chiselled-jre: demos/petclinic/readme.md

# Spring PetClinic

> This docker file contains [Spring PetClinic](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic) sample built on top of chiselled-jre container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Dockerfile runs the [Spring PetClinic](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic) sample on the `ubuntu/chiselled-jre` container image.
```

Author: I've applied those manually, github probably did not like renamed file =)

# Running the sample

Execute:

`` docker build -t petclinic . && docker run -p 8080:8080 --tmpfs /tmp:exec petclinic ``

> Navigate to http://localhost:8080 to explore the demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give it a few minutes to build the sample application and then navigate to http://localhost:8080 to explore the demo.
```
